Description:
	This scene builds a floor (or level) by instantiating a set of 4 rooms (or level pieces) as children.
	Each room is chosen randomly from the designated folder. Rooms are not included in the prefab.
	This scene can pass locations for enemies or collectables to its parent
	Instructions for building rooms for this prefab are found below.


Instructions:
	Building Rooms:
		In most respects, rooms may be constructed however you like. However, there are some guidelines that must be followed to ensure compatability.
		
		This prefab supports 4 kinds of rooms. Y rooms, C rooms, N rooms, and Shop rooms.
		In the original context it was made for, Y rooms contain a path upwards, C rooms contain a path unlocked by certain abiliies, and N rooms contain no path upward.
		Shop room are shops, that is self explanatory.
		
		The naming convention for rooms, which must be followed for the prefab to work correctly is as follows:
			L, C, or R, short for Left Right and Center. This determines where the room can be placed in a level.
			Y, C, N, the type of the room, as explained previously.
			A number, to distinguish each room of the same location and type.
		So a left room with no path upward might be named LN1.tscn.
		
		Shop rooms do not support numbering, and are instead simply labeled by their location followed by Shop.
		The right Shop room would be called LShop.tscn.
		
		All rooms should be of the same width, which can be configured in an exported variable in the scene
		If you wish to include enemy or collectable locations in a room, they should be added as Marker2Ds, as children of a node named "EnemyLocations" or "CollectableLocations"

	Using the Scene:
		There are 2 important functions for using this prefab
		
		build_level:
			This randomly selects rooms and adds them into the level. It must be called or a level will not be generated.
			Be warned calling this functions multiple times on the same level may cause issues.
			This function takes no arguments.
		
		add_shop:
			This configures the scene to include a shop when the level is built.
			This function must be called BEFORE build_level or it will have no effect.
			This function takes no arguments.
		
		Additionally, there are 3 other functions useful for more advanced funcitonality:
		
		get_collectables:
			This function is automatically called when a level is built, and it's only function is to attempt to call a "add_collectable" function on this scenes parent.
			If you wish to implement an add_collectable function, it must take a Vector2 as it's argument.
		
		get_enemies:
			Identical to get_collectables, however it calls an "add_enemy" function instead.
		
		delete_floor:
			This function simply deletes the scene and all it's children. It is called when an area2D in the prefab is entered child.
			To make good use of this function, you will likely need to configure that area2D yourself to suite your needs.
